	                      Apache IvyDE v2.0.0 final
                               Release Notes
   -----------------------------------------------------------------------

CONTENTS
1. What is Apache IvyDE?
2. Status of this release
3. Major Changes in this Release
4. Committers and Contributors for this release
5. List of Changes in this Release   


1. What is Apache IvyDE?

IvyDE is the plugin which integrate Ivy into Eclipse.

IvyDE lets you manage your dependencies declared in an ivy.xml in your Java
Eclipse projects. IvyDE will contribute to the classpath of your Java project or
you can make it retrieve your dependencies directly into your project. Last but
not least IvyDE offer editors of ivy.xml and ivysettings.xml files with completion.

2. Status of this release 

This is the first release considered as stable since the project as been hosted
by the Apache Software Foundation.

3. Major Changes in this Release

The "resolve in workspace" feature (make IvyDE search for Ivy dependencies
directly into the Eclipse projects) has been introduced in the last release
but was quite experimental. It has been refactored to be more reliable and
have been reported to be working like a charm by some of the IvyDE early users.

The IvyDE user documentation is now available directly into the Eclipse help center.

IvyDE can now load property files along with the Ivy settings.

4. Committers and Contributors for this Release

Here is the list of people who have contributed source code and documentation
to this release. Many thanks to all of them, and also to the whole IvyDE community
contributing ideas and feedback, and promoting the use of IvyDE. The list would be too
long, but IvyDE couldn't be what it is without you!

 Committers
    Maarten Coene
    Xavier Hanin
    Nicolas Lalevee
    Gilles Scokart

 Contributors
    TODO WHEN RELEASING: add the contributors to this release from the CHANGES.txt

For the list of people who have contributed since IvyDE inception, see CHANGES.txt file.

5. List of Changes in this Release

For a full release history of IvyDE see the file CHANGES.txt

For details about the following changes, check our JIRA install at 
https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/ivyde

List of changes since IvyDE 2.0.0-beta1:

TODO WHEN RELEASING: add the list of changes of this release from the CHANGES.txt
